Refactor action triggers documentation and update images (#317)
evergreen-library-system/Evergreen: docs/modules/admin/pages/actiontriggers.adoc

= Notifications / Action Triggers =
:toc:

== Overview ==

indexterm:[action triggers, event definitions, notifications]

Action Triggers allow administrators to set up actions for specific events,
useful for notifications such as hold notifications.

=== Accessing the Notifications / Action Triggers Module ===

> Access the Booking Administration from the top menu bar in the staff client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access the Action Triggers Administration from the top menu bar in the staff client
```

Author: Lol. I would do that. I'll take care of it. Thanks for reviewing my work carefully as always!

Author: @sandbergja Should be all set now.
